Dear Harbin Institute of Technology
  Congratulate your university on your achievement on launching the second satellite. In order to gain more experience in satellite design and do some technical exchange, Cqupt-SMCA wishes to go to your university to do a field investigation and survey. The details of this investigate are as follows.
  Because your university has succeed in launching the LilacSat which is designed and develop by students in your university, we want to regard the LilacSat and the lab particating the development as the platform of this field investigation. And we think this platform is a very good platform in which we can learn many useful knowledge and skills to help our team    design our program more reasonable and finish our works efficiently.During this investigate ,we focus on some details which is helpful for our project and team management.
 First, we want to know the initial design idea at the beginning of this project. Secondly, we would like to survey some system about the CubeSat such as operating system, communicate system, attitude control system, satellite system and ground station. Thirdly, we want to vist some essential devices and components about developing the CubeSat. In this case, we can buy some devices and components timely and calculatedly. As we all know, a good team is inseparable from a good management. So, in order to improve the team management efficiency, we want to learn some experience about team management and personnel assignment. Last but not least, we want to hold a rap session in which the backbone of two teams can share some useful and creative ideas and communicate on the related technique to improve our abilities.
  Communication brings development. We sincerely hope to investigation and survey in your university. We hope that your university can give us some assistance and we can have some pleasant communication.
                                                                         Yours,
                                                                   CQUPT-smca
